feat: add sui contract verifiction script (#674)
axelarnetwork/axelar-contract-deployments: sui/README.md

node sui/its.js remove-trusted-chains <sourceChain> <sourceChain2> ...
```

## Sui Contract Verification

This script generates a `verification` folder inside the `move` directory, which contains ZIP files for each contract to be used for verification. Before zipping, a `deps` subdirectory is added to each contract, and the local dependency paths in the `Move.toml` file are updated to reference the `deps` folder. 

> 1. Ensure that same move folder is present in `sui` directory which was generated during contract deployment phase. `move` folder generated by other methods will result in failure of the script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure that same `move` folder is present in `sui` directory which was generated during contract deployment phase. `move` folder generated by other methods will result in failure of the script
```

2. If all contracts need to be verified use `all` instead of `contractName`

Note:

> -   Contracts like `AxelarGateway` have dependency on `Utils` & `VersionControl` contracts. Make sure these contracts are present in `move` folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Contracts like `AxelarGateway` have dependencies on `Utils` & `VersionControl` contracts. Make sure these contracts are present and in the `move` folder
```
